# Glossary

Some terms used throughout the documentation may be unfamiliar to developers. Below we list some common terms that will help with your understanding.

<table><thead><tr><th width="175">Term</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>APY</td><td><p>Annual Percentage Yield, it is the real rate of return earned on an investment, taking into account the effect of compounding interest.</p><p></p></td></tr><tr><td>Loan To Value (LTV)</td><td>The maximum borrowing power of a specific collateral. If a collateral has a Loan to Value of 75%, for every 1 ETH worth of collateral the user will be able to borrow 0.75 ETH worth of principal currency. The Loan To Value is specified per collateral and expressed in percentage points.</td></tr><tr><td>Liquidation Threshold</td><td>The threshold of a borrow position that will be considered undercollateralized and subject to liquidation. If a collateral has a liquidation threshold of 80%, it means that the loan will be liquidated when the debt value is worth 80% of the collateral value. The liquidation threshold is specified per collateral and expressed in percentage points.</td></tr><tr><td>Liquidation Bonus</td><td>The bonus received by liquidators to incentivise the purchase of specific collateral that has a health factor below 1. The Liquidation Bonus is specified per collateral and expressed in percentage points.</td></tr><tr><td>Health Factor</td><td>Represents the ratio between total collateral multiplied by the liquidation threshold, and the borrowed principal. When the Health Factor goes below 1, the loan is undercollateralized and can be liquidated. Also see <a href="broken-reference"><code>execute_liquidation</code></a>.</td></tr><tr><td>Ray Units</td><td>For internal calculations and to reduce the impact of rounding errors, the protocol uses the concept of Ray Math. A Ray is a unit with 27 decimals of precision. All the rates (liquidity/borrow/utilisation rates) as well as the cumulative indexes and the aTokens exchange rates are expressed in Ray.  Please refer to the following <a href="https://medium.com/dapphub/introducing-ds-math-an-innovative-safe-math-library-d58bc88313da">article</a> for further details about this concept.</td></tr><tr><td>Market</td><td>The address of the underlying asset.</td></tr><tr><td>Lending Pool</td><td>The smart contract with which users interact to perform funding operations</td></tr><tr><td>Funding Operations</td><td>Operations such as <a href="broken-reference"><code>borrow</code></a> , <a href="broken-reference"><code>repay</code></a>, <a href="broken-reference"><code>withdraw</code></a>, <a href="broken-reference"><code>deposit</code></a></td></tr><tr><td>Liquidity Rate</td><td>The interest rate currently being earned by the reserve</td></tr><tr><td>Liquidity Index</td><td>The Interest cumulated by the reserve during the time interval since the last updated timestamp</td></tr></tbody></table>

